get a ladies and gentleman pilot here
and welcome back to another minecraft
mod video review in this one I'm looking
at a really cool fun little odd summer I
think it'll be immature or whatever I
don't care because it just looks pretty
cool and it's just a quick review Kyrie
don't have time to do anything else at
the moment but it seemed odd that's made
by I kinks and ringing wrapped up in it
is 44 stuffed bears or stuffed toys yes
so you can have your own little stuffed
toy teddy bear sitting on your bed if
you so choose it's pretty damn that's
some more things could be goofy bit
weird whatever this is pretty cool it I
think this is pretty cool it's a
interesting that'll nobody touch to the
game and i'll just show you this here
these are what that actually adds these
the items and adds is the stuff head
stuffed or so and some limbs and to
create them either simply at the to
create the head you just simply create
for you've got used to you know just
normal we can't use colored wall as far
as i can tell it's just this wall here
and that created stuff for box there
makes the head get this right you know
like a plus sign makes the stuff torso
and collect is if you wanted to make
like boots but with the wall makes the
stuff cleanse that makes two of them so
you need to make one bear or actually
there's two things that makes one is a
bear and the other one is a toy notch I
suppose it's appropriate but you had to
make the each one of the bear or not you
need say eight for the art for the limbs
five for the torso and fought for the
head so there you go that's what you
need in total and anyway I've already
got them already prepared here so I'll
just get rid of these for now put that
the end yeah I'll bring this one in and
I'll bring all these in yeah but first
i'm going to say what actually is is the
this is going to be the teddy bear
it's for the forelimbs like that they
are there on the sides put the torso in
the middle put the head on the top no
need two of them and you need other
cocoa beans and an exactor for the bear
you need the cocoa beans clunking in the
middle and there's your teddy bear and
to create the notch just repeat the
process for lims the head the torso and
an ink sack and is your stuff notch and
justly connection soon well it's not
yeah and there's a teddy bear hello
today mmm so weird and I guess you dump
it on them enjoy your fluffy friend mr.
teddy bear and it's notch cut when you
can break in within notice first I've
actually built them so it is new from
the tube site they gave a sermon a drop
let's drop on the bed no it just makes
want to sleep okay now you can't explain
you know you put them on the floor which
color quite cool still get back on notch
there we go there you go and there they
are there's the teddy bear and this
notch yeah cool is this world they are
obviously the potential of actually
advancing so many different things you
do is pretty damn awesome so definitely
go check this out as I said these by I
kinks and ringing raptor and the link
will be in my description so definitely
go check it out is pretty damn funny
pretty cool and yet you know that you
enjoyed so anyway let's adjourn lets me
done like subscribe and that really
helps can I keep saying that but you
know really does and yet into a next
time keep cool keep safe and I'll catch
a ramp goodbye